hi everybody happy new year oh my god i
took a v3 vacation and for the month of
december just didn't take my v3 but
that's okay didn't gain any weight and i
am back on track so that's good ah my
new year's resolution was to drink more
water and when i say more water what I
really mean is drink any water because
normally I never drank any water at all
and now I'm actually trying to drink
water I think it's disgusting so I put
lemon in it or lemon and sweet and low
or crystal light or any kind of chemical
really that'll make it not taste like
plain old boring water and I've been
taking the v3 one of them every day at
11am and it definitely curves my
appetite um I am still at the same
weight I was which means I've lost close
to 40 pounds but I still have so much
more to go yeah so um if you would like
i am happy to real mail you a little
cute sample packet how nice and you can
try it it's a two-day sample and within
that two day period of time you should
be able to tell if it will work for you
and it works for most everybody and i
will pay the shipping and the samples
all yours the good news is that the v3
definitely improves your energy and
reduces your appetite for me and most
everybody that's taken it um it just
gives you sort of a unique disinterest
in food it's not to say you're not going
to eat you are you just eat a whole heck
of a lot less and there's nothing in it
that is um has any side effects the
caffeine amount
and it is negligible I can't take things
usually that have any caffeine in them
like excedrin or sudafed or anything
makes my handshake but this nothing on I
will also send you an information sheet
that has all of the ingredients on it I
recommend taking the ingredients sheet
to your doctor and letting them take a
look at it so that you can make sure
that it's fine for you based on other
things you may be taking I took it to
several doctors and they all said it was
just fine so all you need to do is um
email me at Laura Solomon 817 @
gmail.com again Laura Solomon 817 @
gmail.com and i'll get it right out to
or you can call me at 248 7017 559 and
let me know and i'll get it right out to
you so a happy 2012 let's get going on
it bye